Changelog 124 (#86)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2020-06-09-changelog-124.markdown

Note, actual arguments are not inlined properly so far (by [@SaarYogev] & [@sohich])

    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/4460" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5430 -->
* Add completion of existing file paths inside path-like string literals in function arguments (by [@Kobzol])
    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5430" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5490 -->
* Provide quick-fix to attach a file to module tree for `File is not included in module tree` inspection (by [@Kobzol])
    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5490" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5495 -->
* Add `.some`, `.ok`, `.err` [postfix templates](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/settings-postfix-completion.html) for `Result` and `Option` wrapping (by [@panstromek])

    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5495" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5481 -->

> * Check if the `main` function exists and provide quick-fix if it does not [E0601](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0601) (by [@Stzx])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Show [E0601](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0601) error if the `main` function doesn't exist in binary crates and provide quick-fix to add the function (by [@Stzx])
```

    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5481" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5416 -->
* Handle doc comments when uncommenting (<kbd>Ctrl+/</kbd>).
Commenter can be configured using [code style settings](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/configuring-code-style.html) located in `Preferences | Editor | Code Style | Rust` (by [@Kobzol])
    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5416" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/4993 -->

> * Place the caret near a type when navigating to an `impl`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Place the caret near a type when navigating to an `impl` item
```

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #124"
date: 2020-06-15 12:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5514 -->
* Support 2020.2 EAPs

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5496 -->
* Enable [new macro expansion engine](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/rust-support.html#language-support) in nightly builds

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5181 -->

* Provide initial version of [`Move`](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/move-refactorings.html) (<kbd>F6</kbd> or drag&drop) refactoring.
Currently, only supports moving a file to same crate if moved file has no child modules. In other cases, no references will be updated

    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5181" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/4460 -->

> * Provide initial version of [`Inline method`](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/inline.html) (<kbd>Ctrl+Alt+N</kbd>) refactoring.

Reviewer: Let's create top-level item for refactorings

> Note, actual arguments are not inlined properly so far (by [@SaarYogev])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, actual arguments are not inlined properly so far (by [@SaarYogev & @sohich] )
```

Don't forget to add link to `sohich` github profile

    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/4460" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5430 -->

> * Add completion of existing file paths inside path-like string literals (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: Let's add a note, that it works only when literal is direct argument of method/function call because in other languages (Java and Python, for example) it also may work for local variables

Author: `Add completion of existing file paths inside path-like string literals in function arguments`

    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5430" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5490 -->

> * Provide quick-fix for attaching file to module when `File is not included in module tree` (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide quick-fix to attach a file to module tree for `File is not included in module tree` inspection (by [@Kobzol])
```

    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5490" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5495 -->
* Add `.some`, `.ok`, `.err` [postfix templates](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/settings-postfix-completion.html) for `Result` and `Option` wrapping (by [@panstromek])

    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5495" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5481 -->
* Check if the `main` function exists and provide quick-fix if it does not [E0601](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0601) (by [@Stzx])
    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5481" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5416 -->

> * Handle doc comments when uncommenting.

Reviewer: Let's add shortcut for `uncommenting` action

Commenter can be configured using [code style settings](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/configuring-code-style.html) located in `Preferences | Editor | Code Style | Rust` (by [@Kobzol])
    
    {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/5416" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/4993 -->
* Place the caret near a type when navigating to an `impl`
    

>     {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-124/4993" w="700px" %}

Reviewer: Hm, do we really need this gif? Looks like it's quite uninformative
